# Customer Rewards Program## Problem Statement:2 points for every dollar spent over $100 in a single transaction.1 point for every dollar spent between $50 and $100 in a single transaction.For example:A $120 purchase earns:2 × (120 - 100) = 40 points1 × (100 - 50) = 50 pointsTotal = 90 points## Features- RESTful API to fetch reward points per customer per month and total.- Dynamic month calculation (no hardcoded months).- In-memory dataset for demonstration.- Unit and integration tests with multiple customers and transactions.- Exception handling and negative test scenarios.- JavaDocs for all classes and methods.- Follows Java coding standards and clean architecture.## API Endpoint`GET /api/rewards` - Returns reward summary for all customers.## Project Structure```reward/├── pom.xml├── README.md├── src/│   ├── main/│   │   └── java/api/rewards/│   │       ├── controller/│   │       ├── exception/│   │       ├── model/│   │       ├── repository/│   │       ├── service/│   │       └── RewardsApplication.java│   └── test/│       └── java/api/rewards/TestCases/│           ├── service/│           │       ├── RewardServiceImplTest.java│           └── controller/                    └── RewardControllerTest.java```## Technologies UsedJava 17Spring Boot 3.xMavenJUnit 5Lombok## API EndpointsGET /api/rewardsReturns reward points per customer per month and total.## Sample Response```{  "customerId": "C001",  "monthlyPoints": {    "March": 25,    "April": 90  },  "totalPoints": 115}```## TestingUnit tests for service classes.Negative test cases for invalid inputs and edge cases.Run tests using:## Exception HandlingHandles invalid  transaction Amount.Returns meaningful error messages with appropriate Message.## Clone the repository:git clone https://github.com/MahalakshmiB-60/NewRepo## Build the project:mvn clean install## Run the application:mvn spring-boot:run## Access the API at:http://localhost:8080/api/rewards/{customerId}http://localhost:8080/api/rewards/all## NotesDo not check in target/ or .bin/ folders.Do not upload zipped versions of the project.Ensure code is formatted and follows naming conventions.JavaDocs are included for all classes and methods.